Updates for ogm installation page (#166)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/ogm/installation.adoc

npm install @neo4j/graphql-ogm graphql neo4j-driver
----

== Usage examples

> Here are some examples of how you can take advantage of the OGM.

Reviewer: Maybe take advantage of it is a weird way of saying it? Maybe just "to use" it?

```suggestion
Here are some examples of how you can use the OGM.
```

[[ogm-examples-custom-resolvers]]
=== Custom Resolvers

> A common use case for the OGM are custom resolvers inside a Neo4j GraphQL instance due to the fact that it has access to some fields which the Neo4j GraphQL Library has not.

Reviewer: I think this sentence is a bit confusing. I tried to break it a little bit, but it could be the case that I have changed the meaning?

```suggestion
A Neo4j GraphQL instance has access to some fields which the Neo4j GraphQL Library doesn't.
In such cases, it is common practice to use OGM to create custom resolvers.
```

Author: hm... i read the original sentence like "it" refers to OGM (rather than the GraphQL instance). @mjfwebb ?

Reviewer 2: Yes, the "it" in the original sentence specifically refers to the OGM as a separate entity to the GraphQL instance.

Reviewer: Oh ok, so maybe:

```suggestion
A common use case for the OGM is to add custom resolvers inside a Neo4j GraphQL instance.
This is due to the fact that the OGM has access to some fields which the Neo4j GraphQL Library has not.
```

Author: rephrased a bit

For example, you can have a `password` field marked with the `@private` directive and a custom resolver for creating users with passwords.

Execute the following to create an example application directory and create a new project:

[source, bash, indent=0]
----
mkdir ogm-custom-resolvers-example
cd ogm-custom-resolvers-example
npm init es6 --yes
touch index.js
----

Install the dependencies:

[source, bash, indent=0]
----
npm install @neo4j/graphql-ogm graphql neo4j-driver @apollo/server
----

> Assuming a running Neo4j database at "neo4j://localhost:7687" with username "username" and password "password", in your empty `index.js` file, add the following code:

Reviewer: There was a discussion a while ago about being consistent in the examples using username or neo4j for username. I don't remember what was decided in the end, but just leaving this mentioned here 😁

Author: thanks! yes, we didn't quite catch this one when we unified the examples :)

[source, javascript, indent=0]
----
import { ApolloServer } from "@apollo/server";
import { startStandaloneServer } from "@apollo/server/standalone";
import { Neo4jGraphQL } from "@neo4j/graphql";

> import OGM from "@neo4j/graphql-ogm";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { OGM } from "@neo4j/graphql-ogm";
```

    }
`;

> const ogm = new OGM.OGM({ typeDefs, driver });

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const ogm = new OGM({ typeDefs, driver });
```

            const [user] = await User.find({
                where: {
                    username,
                },
            });
        
            if (!user) {
                throw new Error(`User with username ${username} not found!`);
            }

            const correctPassword = await comparePassword(password, user.password);

            if (!correctPassword) {
                throw new Error(
                    `Incorrect password for user with username ${username}!`
                );
            }

            return createJWT({ sub: user.id });
        },
    },
};

const neoSchema = new Neo4jGraphQL({
    typeDefs,
    driver,
    resolvers,
    features: {
        authorization: {
            key: "secret",
        },
    },
});

async function main() {
    await ogm.init();

    const server = new ApolloServer({
        schema: await neoSchema.getSchema(),
    });

    const { url } = await startStandaloneServer(server, {
        listen: { port: 4000 },
        context: async ({ req }) => ({
            token: req.headers.authorization,
        }),
    });

    console.log(`🚀 Server ready at ${url}`);
}

main();
----

> Additionally, create a file `utils.js` in the same directory.

Reviewer: Is this a mandatory or optional step? The 'additionally' made it a bit ambiguous to me

Author: yes, it's mandatory. should i remove "additionally"?

Reviewer: It felt a bit like that to me, but it's up to you if you wish to keep it :)

Author: removed it

[NOTE]
====
The code for the util functions `createJWT` and `comparePassword` is an example. 
Adjust it to suit your use case.
====

Install the additional dependencies:

[source, bash, indent=0]
----
npm install bcrypt jsonwebtoken
----

> Back on the command line, run the following command to start your server:

Reviewer 2: This should be above the code block using the `bcrypt` dependency.

Author: just the "back on the command line", right?

Reviewer 2: I mean the whole "Install the additional dependencies" part, because typically speaking you perform the necessary installation before you write the code.

Author: rearranged section a bit

🚀 Server ready at http://localhost:4000/
----

You can execute the `signUp` mutation against the GraphQL API to sign up, but if you try querying the user through the same API, the password field will not be available.

[[ogm-examples-rest-api]]
=== REST API

This example demonstrates how you can use the OGM without exposing a Neo4j GraphQL API endpoint.
It starts an https://expressjs.com/[Express] server and uses the OGM to interact with the Neo4j GraphQL Library, exposed via a REST endpoint.

Execute the following to create an example application directory and create a new project:

[source, bash, indent=0]
----
mkdir ogm-rest-example
cd ogm-rest-example
npm init es6 --yes
touch index.js
----

Install the dependencies:

[source, bash, indent=0]
----
npm install @neo4j/graphql-ogm graphql neo4j-driver express
----

Assuming a running Neo4j database at "bolt://localhost:7687" with username "username" and password "password", in your empty `index.js` file, add the following code:

[source, javascript, indent=0]
----
import express from "express";

> import OGM from "@neo4j/graphql-ogm";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { OGM } from "@neo4j/graphql-ogm";
```

🚀 Server ready at http://localhost:4000/
----

You can execute the `signUp` mutation against the GraphQL API to sign up, but if you try querying the user through the same API, the password field will not be available.

[[ogm-examples-rest-api]]
=== REST API

This example demonstrates how you can use the OGM without exposing a Neo4j GraphQL API endpoint.
It starts an https://expressjs.com/[Express] server and uses the OGM to interact with the Neo4j GraphQL Library, exposed via a REST endpoint.

> Execute the following to create an example application directory and create a new project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the following to create an example application directory and a new project:
```

[source, bash, indent=0]
----
mkdir ogm-rest-example
cd ogm-rest-example
npm init es6 --yes
touch index.js
----

Install the dependencies:

[source, bash, indent=0]
----
npm install @neo4j/graphql-ogm graphql neo4j-driver express
----

> Assuming a running Neo4j database at "bolt://localhost:7687" with username "username" and password "password", in your empty `index.js` file, add the following code:

Reviewer: Is it really bolt here or neo4j? 

```suggestion
Assuming a running Neo4j database at "neo4j://localhost:7687" with username "username" and password "password", in your empty `index.js` file, add the following code:
```

    }
`;

> const ogm = new OGM.OGM({

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const ogm = new OGM({
```

node index.js
----

You should see the following output:

[source, bash, indent=0]
----
Example app listening at http://localhost:4000/users
----

> The REST API should now be ready to accept requests at that URL.

Reviewer 2: Arguably the REST API is available at `http://localhost:4000/` and the only working route is `/users`.

I'm not sure it's a necessary distinction, but for the sake of correctness it's adding consideration for.

Author: updated

node index.js
----

You should see the following output:

[source, bash, indent=0]
----
Example app listening at http://localhost:4000/users
----

> The REST API should now be available at `http://localhost:4000`, with  a single working route `/users`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The REST API should now be available at `http://localhost:4000`, with a single working route `/users`.
```
